return me the number of authors of "Making database systems usable".
return me the number of authors who have cited the publications by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of authors who have cooperated with "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of authors who have more than 10 publications containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of authors who have publications containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of authors who have publications in PVLDB.
return me the number of authors who have publications in the VLDB conference.
return me the number of citations of "Making database systems usable" in each year.
return me the number of citations of "Making database systems usable".
return me the number of conferences which have publications by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of conferences, which have more than 60 publications containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of journals which have publications by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of journals, which have more than 60 publications containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of keywords in Databases area.
return me the number of keywords in PVLDB.
return me the number of keywords in the publications of "University of Michigan".
return me the number of keywords in VLDB conference.
return me the number of keywords, which have been contained by more than 10 publications of "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 publications in PVLDB.
return me the number of keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 publications in VLDB conference.
return me the number of keywords.
return me the number of organizations in Databases area located in "North America".
return me the number of organizations in Databases area.
return me the number of publications after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of publications after 2000.
return me the number of publications by "H. V. Jagadish" after 2000.
return me the number of publications by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the number of publications by "H. V. Jagadish" on PVLDB.
return me the number of publications by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the number of publications by "H. V. Jagadish" on VLDB conference.
return me the number of publications by "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of publications in "University of Michigan" in Databases area.
return me the number of publications in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of publications in PVLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of publications in PVLDB containing keyword "Keyword search".
return me the number of publications in PVLDB in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of publications in VLDB after 2000 in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of publications in VLDB conference containing keyword "Information Retrieval".
return me the number of publications in VLDB conference in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of publications on PVLDB after 2000.
return me the number of publications on PVLDB.
return me the number of publications on VLDB conference after 2000.
return me the number of publications on VLDB conference.
return me the number of publications published in PVLDB in each year.
return me the number of publications published in the VLDB conference before 2000.
return me the number of publications published in the VLDB conference in each year.
return me the number of publications published on PVLDB before 2000.
return me the number of publications which contain the keyword "Natural Language".
return me the number of publications written by "H. V. Jagadish"
return me the number of publications written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava" before 2000.
return me the number of publications written by "H. V. Jagadish" and "Divesh Srivastava".
return me the number of publications written by "H. V. Jagadish" in each year.
return me the number of references of "Making database systems usable".
return me the number of researchers in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of researchers in Databases area in "University of Michigan".
return me the number of the authors who have more than 10 publications containing keyword "Relational Database".
return me the number of the conferences
return me the number of the journals
return me the number of the keywords of "Making database systems usable".
return me the number of the keywords related to "H. V. Jagadish".
return me the number of the organizations in "North America".
return me the number of the organizations.
return me the number of the publications of "H. V. Jagadish" containing keyword "User Study".
return me the total citations of all the publications in PVLDB.
return me the total citations of all the publications in the VLDB conference.
return me the total citations of publications in PVLDB before 2005.
return me the total citations of publications in PVLDB in 2005.
return me the total citations of publications in PVLDB in each year.
return me the total citations of publications in the VLDB conference before 2005.
return me the total citations of publications in the VLDB conference in 2005.
return me the total citations of publications in the VLDB conference in each year.
return me the total citations of the publications containing keyword "Natural Language"
return me the total citations of the publications in "University of Michigan".